https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLxafxniWZc

hi it's Robin Sharma and welcome to this
mastery session and here is my opening
question how good are you being alone
look at the great geniuses you'll look
at the great women and men of the world
you'll look at the most creative people
you look at people who are building
great businesses they all have one thing
in common they spent a lot of time
thinking and you will never get your
best insights in a noisy restaurant or
being surrounded by your best friends we
live in a world that in many ways says
well if you want to be liked and if you
want to fit in make sure you have a lot
of people around you and your life is
layered with lots of complexity and
shiny toy toys and bells and whistles
Blaise Pascal the French mathematician
said something I've never forgotten he
said most of man's miseries derived by
his inability to sit quietly in a room
by himself

tranquility is the new luxury I'm gonna [tranquility]
repeat that again because it's so
important, tranquility is the new luxury
most people in the world right now are
so addicted to distraction, there's so
much going on they're exhausted and so
one of the single best moves you can do
to get your best thinking done, to get
your best insights to be more intentional as you go through your days
to amplify your productivity, creativity
and prosperity, is this make more time to
be alone and to go even deeper make the
time and develop the ability to like
yourself more, you know you are the only
person who will be with you your entire
lifetime, we're gonna loose loved loved
ones, people come and go, you are the only
person that will be with you as long as
you are alive and so why not build into
see and fluency with you, your
relationship with yourself, powerful
point here, your relationship with
yourself sets up your relationship with
your spouse, the rest of your family, your
relationship with yourself is really
what drives your relationship with your
teammates and co-workers your
relationship with yourself sets up your
relationship with money, because you will
never have a higher income than your
self-identity your relationship with
yourself drives your performance in your
career your relationship with yourself
sets up your entire relationship with
your world the doorway to success then
swings inward not outward and as you
build that relationship with your finest
self as you build a relationship with
your values as you build the
relationship with your gifts and your
talents as you meditate and contemplate
and reflect on your true wisdom what
starts to happen is you peel away your
ego which is simply the voice of your
fear and you get to know that inner
warrior and that primal genius that
lurks within every human heart you have
it but is your ego screaming more loudly
than your inner hero and if that's the
case then you're not intimate with who
you truly are 
life's greatest betrayal
is not knowing who you truly are so
where do you get to know your best self
in the twilight of quiet it is in the
tranquility of the early morning hours
or maybe those quiet hours before you go
to sleep where you can pull out a
journal and write about the person
you've always wanted to be it might be
where you meditate on the person you
want to become you might want to pray in
your quiet hours alone about what you
want your life to stand for
I spent a lot of time early in the
morning with my eyes closed
visualizing the life I want to create
all I know is my best thinking Mike my
greatest self excavation my highest
personal growth doesn't happen when I'm
in a room full of people it happens when
I have carved out the time to be alone
that's when I can hear the silent
whispers of my greatest self well you
can't be alone and you won't make time
to be tranquil if you're scared of
yourself you see I believe a lot of
people the reason why they're on their
phones all day long or watching TV all
day long or busy being busy or addicted
to alcohol or medication or gossiping
those are simply flights and escapes
from intimacy with who they truly are
you see what I'm really saying is most
people have all this pain and
self-hatred deep within them so because
they've never processed through that
pain they need to structure their life
to be busy where they're always doing
things because they were scared of being
alone
because when you're alone you not only
start thinking you start feeling I'm
gonna repeat that again because it's so
fundamentally important when you are
alone all your deepest feelings that
you've been resisting come up well is
that hard and uncomfortable it is but
that's where your growth is there's a
concept I teach not only mindset which
everyone's talking about there's a word
I've introduced for the past few years
in my work called heart set and also
health set and soul set but on the heart
set point when you start to feel that
pain and get to know that pain you
release that pain 

the way to heal a
wound is to feel wound and trust me
every single human being on the planet
unless you're enlightened has wounds and
associated pain and so in the quiet
times yes you could read and yes you can
meditate and yes you can think and yes
you can grow
but you can also go into your heart set
and start processing through
the toxic emotions that are actually
limiting your performance your
creativity productivity prosperity and
impact on humanity so I just want to
remind you a great life has times out in
the world and periods alone in the
wilderness and if you want to be
thoughtful if you want to be a
heavyweight on the planet you want to
dominate your domain if you want to rise
to legendary if you want to live a
beautiful lifestyle it starts with
getting to know who you truly are your
gifts your talents your ego voices your
weakness it's about being alone so you
know your values how you want to live
what your mighty mission is what your
high-value targets are and ultimately
it's about connecting I'm gonna get a
little dangerous here but being alone is
about pondering and reflecting on your
mortality you see the more you think
about how you will have wished you all
have lived when you're no longer here
the more intimacy and fluency you build
with the shortness of life and your
mortality the more and if you do it
every day alone each day will then be a
platform to get closer to how you will
have wished you will have lived at the
end
that's called an intentional life a
clear life a heroic life and a
leadership life and that's my great wish
for you so make the time to be alone a
lot more often and get comfortable being
alone and then do the work required so
you excavate who you truly are
and bring that light talent genius and
love to a world absolutely
aching for true heroes so I hope this
mastery session has helped you a lot
I've given my heart and soul in this one
so I hope you feel how much I care and I
really want to help you here's what I
would encourage you to do if you have
found this mastery session
Yubel please share it with three people
as quickly as possible and then start
the conversation with them about
everything that you learned number two
if you would like me to mentor you and
you want to go a hundred X deeper into
this kind of material that I've shared
on whether it's neuroscience or the
philosophy or greatness if you really
want to multiply and accelerate your
productivity if you really want to bring
your fire and your primitive and primal
hero is into the world and you're tired
of playing small and you're tired of
limiting yourself well then I would love
to work with you if you're that kind of
person and there is information below on
my monthly mentoring program it's
absolutely world class
it's called Circle of Legends and if you
feel you want to work at legendary and
live that heroic life that I truly
believe you're destined to live check
out the information below in Circle of
Legends and I'd love to be of service to
you in the program finally if you
haven't read my book the 5 a.m. Club oh
I spent 4 years of hard labor working on
the 5 a.m. Club and essentially its 333
pages of me distilling the best ideas
I've learned over two decades working
with billionaires and companies like
Starbucks General Electric Knight Nike
Microsoft IBM and and organizations like
NASA and young presidents associate
organization and so read the 5 a.m. Club
I promise you it will be a tool for
transformation and a manifesto for
absolute mastery to find the book you
can find it online or just go over to
the 5 a.m. club.com and I'm really
excited to share that after you finish
the book at the end of the book there is
a free and I want to emphasize free
because I really want to help you lock
in the 5 a.m. club habit it is the
mother of all habits you get your
morning write your days will be right
your days are world-class you level or a
class weeks quarters and years the
single best move you can make is to join
the 5 a.m. Club run the 20 20 20 formula
that I walk you through in the book
because as you begin your day so
you handcraft your life and I'm excited
to share at the end of the book you will
find details for a free sixty-six day
online program where after you finish
the book for 66 days which is the period
of time required to install a new habit
I will literally mentor you through
morning mastery meditations and videos
at no charge for 66 days until you reach
the point that researchers call
automaticity or it actually becomes
easier to get up at 5:00 a.m. then not
to get up at 5:00 a.m.
final thing I want to share with you a
portion of my royalties on every copy of
the 5 a.m. Club sold goes to fight
leprosy on the planet it's a violent
affliction I am all-in to help fight
leprosy as much as I hum in Li can so
when you invest in a copy of the five AM
Club you not only invest in your growth
and transformation you invest in helping
a child with leprosy live a better life
okay so thank you so much and I'll see
you in the next mastery session and be
great and this is Robin Sharma I hope
you receive great value from this
mastery session if you'd like to receive
potent training videos blog posts
learning tools and information on my two
live events personal mastery Academy and
my flagship 4-day experience the Titan
summer go ahead and visit Robin Sharma
dacha
