Hey fellas, hey fellas, in the room, hey guys have you ever gotten in trouble with your girl over some shit Kanye West said in a rap song once? Has that ever happened to you? well, it happened to me. I was dating this girl at the time. we were watching ,we were on my sofa in my house, watching MTV, Kanye West comes on with his music video for his song, Bound 2, okey, if you don't know Bound2, it's the music video he does with Kim Kardashian on a motorcycle,alright, it's really tacky on purpose, because he's a genius. 
So we're watching this goddamn video, Kanye West comes on and one of the lyrics in his song happens to be: "have you ever asked your bitch for other bitches" alright, so he's singing his song ... "have you ever asked your bitch for other bitches"...Immediately, the girl i"m dating just turns to me and just angry, goes: oh, my god, can you believe what he just said?!!  That's disgusting [acting] is that what you want, do you want to ask you bitch for other bitches?! Is that what you want to do?!! 
I'm like Woah!!!  I didn't say that, I didn't even pick the channel, you picked the channel, this video randomly came on.  How is this on me? Right, and she won't stop. She keeps going, just keeps going, that's what all men want, men just want to ask their bitch for other bitches, Men are pigs, men are disgusting, men are pigs and she wont' quit. 
And I thought fuck it, you want to have this conversation?! you want to have this conversation?! let's have this conversation, right, because I went to an elite law school.  I don't lose verbal arguments, alright, 
I'll just debate you until I win or one of us dies, alright, you want to do this?!!  Let's do it, let's break it down, Let's break down what Kanye West is saying.  
First of all, Kanye West isn't even asking his bitch for other bitches. He's asking the question "have you ever asked your bitch for other bitches" It's a hypothetical, It didn't even happen, what are you?!   punishing him for his thoughts now?  Are you Big Brother from 1984? Second of all, let's put aside the fact that bitch in euphonics [悦耳的，语调好的；音调上的] and hip-hop can also have positive connotations in the right context, and let's take what he's saying, le'ts take what he's saying at face value, Kanye West is asking his bitch for other bitches, he's not fucking other bitches, He's not cheating other bitches, He's asking his bitch for other bitches, You dont know what kind of relationship they have, maybe they have open relationship. Maybe they like threesomes, you don't know.  You're just applying your own moral value onto this couple. [acting] ]Who's the bitch now!??  
And that, my friend, is how you win the battle but lose the war.  cos I successfully argued my way out of that relationship,   [6:49]] I rest my case, your Honor,
You guys have been great, thanks for coming out. thanks for listening. 
