I have been asked for so many questions, like why you're being so famous? the 2nd question most common question I get asked is, hey, Marco, what your parents think about this? what your parents think about what you do? are you parents okay? are you doing stand-up comedy in oculist enough question, but the insinuation  behind it. it 's downright racist, well, you only asked me that because I'm Chinese,  you never ask these other white comedians that question because you know that their parents don't give a fuck about them. 
I don't know if Asian people are overlooked in America a little bit. that's too big a call for me to make,   seeing as how I'm a foreigner and I might be biased, but I do know that when Iraq said that they had no unclear weapons, America was like, yeah, you do. we're gonna invade you until we find them, and they're still there, but, when North Korea said not only do we have unclear weapons, we want to launch them in America to kill all of you. America was like "No, you don't!"     You don't. Not only do we not believe / don't give a fuck.  we gonna make movies taunting you.  just daring you to launch all those babies over,  and those movies are the only rules we're gonna give Asian people in our country.  
I don't know what it is like to be a miniority Asian, cos I come from Asia.  In Asia, we all are Asian over there,  i don't know what it is like to be like a minority,  I encountered Asian stereotypes for the first time I moved to America never encountered Asians stereotypes before until I left Asia, and no idea white people were saying that shit about us. no idea you guys was talking shit behind our backs, 
All these asian stereotypes like Asian people are good at Math. I didn't know that.   In Asia, we're all good at Math. I didn't know there was a skill set, I didn't know square rooting 7 was difficult. I just did it, just did again, in my head, for fun, that's how I entertain myself in between jokes, it is so much going on up here.  
or the other Asian stereotype, Asian people are bad drivers, I didn't know that, in Asia, we drive, we crash, we get into another car, and we continue on, that's how we get from A to B. 
Or our biggest stereotype or should I say the smallest stereotype. Asian people has smallest dick ,hahaha.  I didn't know that. Asian has small dicks, I have nothing to compare to, who the fuck measure enough dicks to get large enough sample size, to reduce your standard deviation down to acceptable positive error?, that's what I want to know, 
a little Math joke, kindda, that's all the comedy we're doing in Asia, it's just Math jokes, we're just for Math, that's what we do.    I gotta use to you people, I got used to for you guys.  That's more of me, and my kind of race than any other race on the planet, okay, do you know what that means? that means we're majority, we dictate what is normal behavior, so all that shit, bad driving , small dick, good at Math, even if that was true, guess what? that'll be normal ,   cos there are more of us than anyone else on this planet. and we dictate what is normal behavior, I could drive down the goddamn street with my feet on the steering wheel, dancing a Gangnam style if I want to, guess what, that'll become the correct way to drive, as you guys, eating your potatoes, wearing your filthy shoes in the house and your big dicks, you guys are the weirdo, you guys are the freaks, 
