This new thing now about people complaining about technology on the internet, They use the internet to complain about technology. like on my FB feed now is .. this latest thing is people complaining about the iPhone, right. oh my god, the iphone is destroying human beings ability to interact socially. We've never been more connected and more alone, the iPhone is destroying human beings ability to form emotional connections with each other.  Have you seen us/this on the train? All we do is look at our screens. We don't talk to each other anymore. We don't try to have a conversation. We just look at our screens, we don't form emotional connections with other people. We're too busy looking at our screens. Yeah, that's right because before the iPhone I used to form emotional connections with everybody on public transport. 
Oh, Oh, before the iPhone I used to turn to the woman on my right, right? I form an emotional meaningful connection with her, right, and I turned to the guy on my left, we bond over our hopes and dreams for the new year......... and our shared optimism for the future. 
Oh, The train was just so full of love.  It was a utopia on earth,    before the iPhone came, and just destroyed everything. ohhhhh. 
Listen !if you're forming emotional connection with everybody on the train, you're the crazy person on the train.  
are you kidding me? I live in Boston, since this pandemic, the iphone 's ability to capture video and sound is like the only thing keeping me from being racially abused on public transport. Dude, enough! Every Boston day, I'm just walking to the train. I just stop and hit record, Let's go, right, who wants to be a Youtube sensation today? Let's go, call me chink, call me a chink. I need the view, call me a chink!!  Sorry, that got a little dark, I'm sorry. 
