 Thank you, it's great to be here.... People on Facebook are so Fxx stupid, Dude, they are so stupid, Is their a point even discussing politics on Facebook anymore? like you're actually gonna change someone's mind through Socratic method,  somehow use your words to convince them a Lesson? idiot!! bunch of morons!! posting links to unaccredited blogs to prove some kind of points,   
Hey, everybody,  Ebola is a US conspiracy,  here's ten pages on this website that proves everything..... handing out a reading assignments!!   [acting] and you read this and you get back to me and you tell me how right I was.

 it was so stupid,  some stupid idiots complaints about privacy issues on Facebook. 
[acting]Oh, My god, there is no privacy on Facebook, [acting]FB just keeps taking all my data, FB just keeps taking all the data which I keep uploading to it.... ahhhh.. 
Will the tyranny ever end and I just keep uploading my data....FB just keep taking it and taking it.......
so stupid....FB's trying to take your data, what makes you think that FB wants to take your data anyway??!, huh? dude, is that your life is so awesome that FB wants your data?!  Or you're Jason Bourne?    Yeah, they want hacking your computer get some sensitive Intel,    This multi-billion dollar company harvard-educated. they couldn't figure it out, they want your data, yeah, they want your data, they want that photo of you lying on the beach w/ your legs in the sand, right, or that photo of your cappuccino next to your notepad because that's how you start your morning?  .......Thank God, you did that, thank God, that's multi-million dollar data right there, that is a lot of money, we want that, That's original content. Netflix wants to make a series on, that's great. 