New York City is the only city I've lived in where people fight subway trains and.....win.
Like, any other city on the planet, when the trains doors start to close, (beeping), that means that train is departed. Okay, you're supposed to shut up and wait patiently for the next train. 
Oh, not in New York, in New York, if you can slip a piece of paper in between those doors. One millimeter of space, that is all you need, you got a fighting chance. People take it for granted now, strolling up to closing train doors, just uppercutting them in that black rubber part like that's the personal open button ... for every commuter on the train.  Just bang,  

This train aint' leaving 'til I get onboard.  Where is ticket, right here, buddy!

My first week in (Last month, my 1st time traveled to) New York, I was on this crowded subway train, and it was packed, all the way to the doors. Right, I am on the train, and it is packed all the way to the doors, and the doors start closing in front of me. And as the doors start closing, this guy walks up to the closing train doors and just jams his fingers. Just right into the door, no regards... for his limbs or appendages. Like his need to get on this train, exceeded his need to grip things.

He did a cost/benefit analysis in his head. And he was like, you know what? This is overrated, Who needs this motion? Who needs this point of articulation, right? Let's get on the train, My life will be perfect. So just create enough of a gap,  to start fighting, and he fights this train for eight seconds, He just fights it to a stalemate. Ok? it's a judge's decision. 
He can't move, the train can't move, no one can move. And after eight seconds, he gets tired, he starts gassing out. So he uses his head, to jam up (stuck) the door (hand gesture). Like a door stop. As he readjusts his grip, right? He starts chalking up (putting power things) his hands for round two.       And I'm standing there, just facing the top of his oily scalp. Just thinking 'yo, man', just let it go, all right? I'm new in town, I'm not sure if I'm supposed to help you, or if we 're both gonna get arrested, okay, I don't know that social etiquette in this situation,. All I know is there's a train in three minutes. 
It's the A-C-E line in Manhattan. all right, if you let this go, We will all get to where we need to get to go to quicker. 
But he's like NO, this is the one, man. This is the last train everrrrrrrrrrrr........ 
And he fought the train, for like four more seconds, and he won. the train tapped out (giving up). 
I was.. alright. Gotta respect your ground game and [3:15] just full mount to omoplata is out of control, anyone else want to run in here at the last minutes? It's not a schedule to keep or anything. 
And that's the problem with America.,  Right there, too many civil liberties, 
It's too much freedom here. You guys took your bill of rights (1st amendment) and just ran with it (take it & make it important). That shit would never fly in Malaysia. Where I'm from in Malaysia, you stick your hand in the door, the doors close, you get dragged for like a mile, you get brought to your knees by the system. As the train runs over you, it starts going after your family. Start like bleeding out on the tracks, The doors open. We all walk over your dead corpse. Yeah, that's what you get you, dumb Fuck. Not in America, In America, one man can stop the entire train line. Because everyone can make a difference. 

